---
layout: post
title: "KOZWaves 2022, 9th-11th Feb, Perth: 1st announcement"
date: 2021-09-21
---

<p>The 5th Australasian Conference on Wave Science, KOZWaves (https://kozwaves.github.io), will be held in hybrid virtual-physical mode in Perth, Western Australia, and online, February 9-11 2022.  Owing to the significant barriers and uncertainties around travel to Western Australia at present, the conference will run with a flexible philosophy.  We will welcome physical attendance to the beautiful UWA campus where possible (the venue is booked!), with minimal registration costs or formal arrangements to make sure that decisions around travel can be left to the latest possible time.</p>

<p>The KOZWaves conference series provides a forum for contemporary research on wave science, promoting interdisciplinary collaborations between Australasian wave scientists, and with international researchers. It focusses on advancing mathematical and numerical techniques across the different branches of wave science, including acoustics, elasticity, electromagnetics and water waves.</p>

<p>Abstracts (1 paragraph) may be submitted via email to KOZWaves2022@uwa.edu.au until 1 December, 2021.  Please include the title, names and affiliations of authors, and indicate which author will present if the abstract is accepted.  In the spirit of the conference, we will ask that all speakers consider making their talks accessible to those from other disciplines, particularly through common understanding of wave science, mathematics and behaviour.</p>

<p>More information will be coming shortly.  Please feel free to contact us on this address with any queries.</p>

<p>Hugh Wolgamot
</p>
<p>Wenhua Zhao
</p>

<p>KOZWaves 2022 organisers</p>
