---
layout: post
title: "KOZWaves 2022, 9th-11th Feb, Perth: updates and abstract"
date: 2021-11-26
---
 
<p>The 5th Australasian Conference on Wave Science, KOZWaves, will be held in hybrid virtual-physical mode in Perth, Western Australia, and online, February 9-11 2022 – see updates below.
</p>
 
<p>Abstracts
</p>

<p>Abstracts (1 paragraph) may be submitted via email to KOZWaves2022@uwa.edu.au until 17 December, 2021.  (This deadline has been extended).  When submitting abstracts, please include the title, names and affiliations of authors, and indicate which author will present if the abstract is accepted.  No other specific formatting is required.  In the spirit of the conference, we will ask that all speakers consider making their talks accessible to those from other disciplines, particularly through common understanding of wave science, mathematics and behaviour.
</p>
 
<p>Conference Format
</p>

<p>As previously announced, the conference will run with a flexible philosophy.  We will provide an online platform, but also welcome physical attendance to join local attendees on the beautiful UWA campus where possible, with minimal registration costs or formal arrangements to make sure that decisions around travel can be left until WA border arrangements are known.  A date for opening the WA border will be announced when WA reaches 80% vaccination (sometime in December) and the date is expected to be late Jan-early Feb 2022.  See more information here: https://www.wa.gov.au/government/publications/covid-19-coronavirus-was-safe-transition-plan-frequently-asked-questions  Once the date is announced it will be clear whether travel is possible or not.
</p>
 
<p>Invited Speakers
</p>

<p>We have a fantastic list of speakers invited so far (virtual/physical):
</p>

<p>Prof. David Blair (WA)</p>
<p>Prof. Karin Bryan (NZ)</p>
<p>Prof. Eric Vanden-Eijnden (US)</p>
<p>Prof. Sinniah Ilanko (NZ) </p>
<p>Dr. Jacquiline Romero (QLD) </p>

<p>The KOZWaves conference series provides a forum for contemporary research on wave science, promoting interdisciplinary collaborations between Australasian wave scientists, and with international researchers. It focusses on advancing mathematical and numerical techniques across the different branches of wave science, including acoustics, elasticity, electromagnetics and water waves.
</p>
 
<p>Please feel free to contact us on this address with any queries.
</p> 

<p>Hugh Wolgamot
</p>
<p>Wenhua Zhao
</p>

<p>KOZWaves 2022 organisers</p>
