---
layout: post
title: "KOZWaves 2022: updates"
date: 2021-12-17
---
 
<p> 
The 5th Australasian Conference on Wave Science, KOZWaves, will be held in hybrid virtual-physical mode in Perth, Western Australia, and online, February 9-11 2022, i.e. shortly after the WA border opens on February 5 – see updates below.
</p>
 
<p><b>Abstracts</b></p>
<p>
Abstracts (1 paragraph) may be submitted via email to KOZWaves2022@uwa.edu.au until December 24, 2021.  However, we intend to start accepting submitted abstracts into the program after today, December 17, so please submit as soon as you can.   When submitting abstracts, please include the title, names and affiliations of authors, and indicate which author will present if the abstract is accepted.  No other specific formatting is required.  In the spirit of the conference, we will ask that all speakers consider making their talks accessible to those from other disciplines, particularly through common understanding of wave science, mathematics and behaviour.
 </p>

<p>
Thanks to all those who have already submitted abstracts.   If you would like to express interest in engaging with the conference but do not wish to submit an abstract please email us on the conference address.
 </p>

<p><b>
Conference Format</b></p>
<p>
As previously announced, the conference will run with a flexible philosophy.  We will provide an online platform, but also welcome physical attendance to join local attendees on the beautiful UWA campus where possible.  There will be no registration fee – note that this means that the conference dinner, for example, will be paid individually.  It is now known that the WA border will open (to vaccinated persons) on February 5 – see https://www.wa.gov.au/government/announcements/wa-proceed-safe-transition-plan-february-5-2022.  Further, according to the details available at present, there will be no capacity limits on our venue or requirement to wear masks at the conference.  There are requirements around testing which differ for domestic and international travellers.
 </p>

<p>
<b>Conference website</b>
</p><p>
Our conference website is now live: https://www.uwa.edu.au/schools/oceans/events/kozwaves-2022
</p> 


<p>The KOZWaves conference series provides a forum for contemporary research on wave science, promoting interdisciplinary collaborations between Australasian wave scientists, and with international researchers. It focusses on advancing mathematical and numerical techniques across the different branches of wave science, including acoustics, elasticity, electromagnetics and water waves.
</p>
 
<p>Please feel free to contact us on this address with any queries.
</p> 

<p>Hugh Wolgamot
</p>
<p>Wenhua Zhao
</p>

<p>KOZWaves 2022 organisers</p>
